v0.10.1 (#373)
bookingcom/shipper: docs/operations/shipperctl.rst

    context: gke_ACCOUNT_ZONE_CLUSTERNAME_APP_2 # and here
    scheduler:
      unschedulable: true

Creating backups and restoring Using ``shipperctl backup`` Commands
----------------------------------------------------------------------

.. _create_backup:

``shipperctl backup prepare``
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

1. The backup must be created by a `shipperctl` command. This guarantees you can restore this backup.
Acquire a backup file by running

.. code-block:: bash

    $ kubectl config use-context mgmt-dev-cluster ##be sure to switch to correct context of the management cluster before backing up
    Switched to context "mgmt-dev-cluster"
    $ shipperctl backup prepare -v -f bkup-dev-29-10.yaml
    NAMESPACE  RELEASE NAME              OWNING APPLICATION
    default    super-server-dc5bfc5a-0   super-server
    default2   super-server2-dc5bfc5a-0  super-server2
    default3   super-server3-dc5bfc5a-0  super-server3
    Backup objects stored in "bkup-dev-29-10.yaml"

.. epigraph::

>     The commands default format is yaml. This will create a file named "bkup-dev-29-10.yaml" and store the backup there in a yaml format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The commands' default format is yaml. This will create a file named "bkup-dev-29-10.yaml" and store the backup there in a yaml format.
```

> 2. Save the backup file in a storing system to your likings (for example, AWS S3)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Save the backup file in a storage system of your liking (for example, AWS S3)
```

          apiVersion: shipper.booking.com/v1alpha1
          kind: InstallationTarget
        ...
        release:
          apiVersion: shipper.booking.com/v1alpha1
          kind: Release
        ...
        traffic_target:
          apiVersion: shipper.booking.com/v1alpha1
          kind: TrafficTarget
        ...
    ...
    Would you like to restore backup? [y/n]: y
    application "default/super-server" created
    release "default/super-server-dc5bfc5a-0" owner reference updates with uid "a6c587cb-624e-44ec-b267-b48630b0ed1c"
    release "default/super-server-dc5bfc5a-0" created
    installation target "default/super-server-dc5bfc5a-0" owner reference updates with uid "9ccfd876-7f4f-4b1c-9c10-653d295e21d2"
    installation target "default/super-server-dc5bfc5a-0" created
    traffic target "default/super-server-dc5bfc5a-0" owner reference updates with uid "9ccfd876-7f4f-4b1c-9c10-653d295e21d2"
    traffic target "default/super-server-dc5bfc5a-0" created
    capacity target "default/super-server-dc5bfc5a-0" owner reference updates with uid "9ccfd876-7f4f-4b1c-9c10-653d295e21d2"
    capacity target "default/super-server-dc5bfc5a-0" created
    ...

.. epigraph::

>      - The commands default format is yaml. This will apply the backup from file "bkup-dev-29-10-from-s3.yaml" while maintaining owner reference betweenan application and its releases and between release and its target objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - The command's default format is yaml. This will apply the backup from file "bkup-dev-29-10-from-s3.yaml" while maintaining owner references between an application and its releases and between release and its target objects.
```
